DOC-1959: Redial would, in some situations, cause select elements not to have an initial value selected when they should have. (#2686)
tinymce/tinymce-docs: modules/ROOT/pages/6.4.2-release-notes.adoc

// {productname} 6.4.2 also includes the following bug fixes:

> === Redial would, in some situations, cause select elements not to have an initial value selected when they should have.
> 
> In previous versions of {productname}, the browser did not like switching child elements within the accessibility checker dropdown menu.
> 
> As a consequence, the dropdown menu would return without anything being selected by default in some situations.
> 
> To fix this issue, if not explicitly set as empty by the user, {productname} will now populate the element unless user decides otherwise.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
=== Redial would, in some circumstances, cause elements to not have an initial value selected when they should have.

In previous versions of {productname}, the host browser did not properly manage switching child elements when the  the Accessibility Checker dialog was visible.

As a consequence, the dropdown menu in this dialog would, in some circumstances, present without one of the dropdown menu’s options being selected by default.

To fix this issue {productname} now populates the element with a default value, unless this menu is explicitly configured as empty by the particular {productname} instance’s configuration.
```

Edits and copy-edits.

> To fix this issue {productname} now populates the element with a default value, unless this menu is explicitly configured as empty by the particular {productname} instance’s configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To fix this issue {productname} now populates the element with a default value, unless this menu is explicitly configured as empty by the particular {productname} instance’s configuration.

NOTE: this change also addresses xref:6.4.1-release-notes.adoc#known-issues[a known issue] in the xref:a11ychecker.adoc[Accessibility Checker Premium plugin].
```

Conveniently enough, the Accessibility Checker known issue is the first item in the [‘Known Issues’ section of the _6.4.1 Release Notes_](https://tiny.cloud/docs/tinymce/6/6.4.1-release-notes/#known-issues). So, an xref to the `known-issues` section header links to said known issue, at least for practical purposes.
